Add iframe support for adAuctionHeaders to explainer. (#887)
WICG/turtledove: FLEDGE.md

#### 2.5.2 Using Response Headers

> An alternative way to pass DirectFromSellerSignals without subresource bundles is via the `Ad-Auction-Signals` response header of some `fetch()` request or `iframe` navigation, together with the `directFromSellerSignalsHeaderAdSlot` parameter on `navigator.runAdAuction()`.

Reviewer: I assume we haven't implemented this yet, so we don't need to update WPT yet?

Author: I just submitted the implementation. Updating WPT is on my TODO list.

> An alternative way to pass DirectFromSellerSignals without subresource bundles is via the `Ad-Auction-Signals` response header of some `fetch()` request or `iframe` navigation, together with the `directFromSellerSignalsHeaderAdSlot` parameter on `navigator.runAdAuction()`.

Reviewer: Are there any timing requirements? For the fetch() approach, we need the promise to be resolved to ensure the headers have already arrived.

I assume the auction may be run / the directFromSellerSignalsHeaderAdSlot promise may be resolved immediately after the iframe DOM node with the correct src and attribute are inserted into the document tree (or maybe it doesn't even need to be inserted, just constructed)? (But, then how does the auction block on awaiting the network response?)

For static HTML that already has the <iframe> tag, does the document have to be in some loaded state (like OnLoad or some other event has happened)?

Author: Yes. I've added a couple of sentences here to emphasize those timing requirements. This echos what appears in the NOTE on the spec around when the Promises are expected to be resolved.

#### 2.5.2 Using Response Headers

An alternative way to pass DirectFromSellerSignals without subresource bundles is via the `Ad-Auction-Signals` response header of some `fetch()` request or `iframe` navigation, together with the `directFromSellerSignalsHeaderAdSlot` parameter on `navigator.runAdAuction()`.

To pass DirectFromSellerSignals using a [`fetch()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) call made by some script on the page (including in a subframe), specify an extra option, `{adAuctionHeaders: true}`:

```javascript
let fetchResponse = await fetch("https://seller.com/signals", {adAuctionHeaders: true});
```

The script must resolve the `directFromSellerSignalsHeaderAdSlot` Promise only after the response for this call is received. If the script chooses to call `runAdAuction()` after this response is received, the Promise may be immediately resolved.

To pass DirectFromSellerSignals using an [`iframe`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) navigation, specify the `adAuctionHeaders` attribute on the `iframe` element:

```html
<iframe src="..." adAuctionHeaders></iframe>
```

> The script that invokes `runAdAuction()` will be part of the response from that iframe navigation, and so because `runAdAuction()` is not called until after the response is received, the `directFromSellerSignalsHeaderAdSlot` Promise may be immediately resolved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If script that invokes `runAdAuction()` is part of the response to that iframe navigation, the `directFromSellerSignalsHeaderAdSlot` Promise may be immediately resolved from within the iframe because `runAdAuction()` cannot be called until after the response is received, .
```

Reviewer 2: actually instead of saying "Promise may be immediately resolved", do we instead want to say `directFromSellerSignalsHeaderAdSlot` can be specified directly without a Promise.

Author: Good call. I applied both changes. Thanks!

The browser ensures, using TLS, the authenticity and integrity of information provided to the auction through calls made directly to an ad tech's servers. This guarantee is not provided for data passed in `runAdAuction()`. To account for this, additional bids use the same HTTP response header interception mechanism that's already in use for the [Bidding & Auction response blob](FLEDGE_browser_bidding_and_auction_API.md#step-3-get-response-blobs-to-browser) and `directFromSellerSignals`.

> 

Reviewer: Will this mechanism also be supported for the bidding and auction server?

https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/FLEDGE_browser_bidding_and_auction_API.md#step-3-get-response-blobs-to-browser

Author: Yes, good call. I've added a paragraph to that section as well.

The browser ensures, using TLS, the authenticity and integrity of information provided to the auction through calls made directly to an ad tech's servers. This guarantee is not provided for data passed in `runAdAuction()`. To account for this, additional bids use the same HTTP response header interception mechanism that's already in use for the [Bidding & Auction response blob](FLEDGE_browser_bidding_and_auction_API.md#step-3-get-response-blobs-to-browser) and `directFromSellerSignals`.

> To use HTTP response headers to convey the additional bids, the request to fetch them will first need to specify the `adAuctionHeaders` fetch flag or `adAuctionHeaders` attribute on an iframe element, as described in section [2.5.2 Using Response Headers](#252-using-response-headers). This will cause the request to include an additional request header, `Sec-Ad-Auction-Fetch: ?1`. This also signals to the browser that it should look for one or more additional bids encoded as HTTP response headers from this Fetch. Each instance of the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` response header will correspond to a single additional bid. The response may include more than one additional bid by specifying multiple instances of the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` response header. The structure of each instance of the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` header must be as follows:

Reviewer: Maybe note with the "as described in section" link that additional bids words similarly to directFromSellerSignals -- the difference is just which response header is captured.

The browser ensures, using TLS, the authenticity and integrity of information provided to the auction through calls made directly to an ad tech's servers. This guarantee is not provided for data passed in `runAdAuction()`. To account for this, additional bids use the same HTTP response header interception mechanism that's already in use for the [Bidding & Auction response blob](FLEDGE_browser_bidding_and_auction_API.md#step-3-get-response-blobs-to-browser) and `directFromSellerSignals`.

> To use HTTP response headers to convey the additional bids, the request to fetch them will first need to specify the `adAuctionHeaders` fetch flag or `adAuctionHeaders` attribute on an iframe element. The procedure for specifying `adAuctionHeaders` on an fetch or iframe navigation is described in section [2.5.2 Using Response Headers](#252-using-response-headers), except that the response would use `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` response headers instead of `Ad-Auction-Signals`, and the caller of `runAdAuction()` would specify `additionalBids` on the auction config instead of or in addition to `directFromSellerSignalsHeaderAdSlot`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use HTTP response headers to convey the additional bids, the request to fetch them will first need to specify the `adAuctionHeaders` Fetch flag or `adAuctionHeaders` attribute on an iframe element. The procedure for specifying `adAuctionHeaders` on a Fetch or an iframe navigation is described in section [2.5.2 Using Response Headers](#252-using-response-headers), except that the response would use `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` response headers instead of `Ad-Auction-Signals`, and the caller of `runAdAuction()` would specify `additionalBids` on the auction config instead of or in addition to `directFromSellerSignalsHeaderAdSlot`.
```

> Using `adAuctionHeaders` will cause the fetch or navigation request to include an additional request header, `Sec-Ad-Auction-Fetch: ?1`. This also signals to the browser that it should look for one or more additional bids encoded as HTTP response headers from this fetch or navigation. Each instance of the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` response header will correspond to a single additional bid. The response may include more than one additional bid by specifying multiple instances of the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` response header. The structure of each instance of the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` header must be as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using `adAuctionHeaders` will cause the Fetch or navigation request to include an additional request header, `Sec-Ad-Auction-Fetch: ?1`. This also signals to the browser that it should look for one or more additional bids encoded as HTTP response headers from this Fetch or navigation. Each instance of the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` response header will correspond to a single additional bid. The response may include more than one additional bid by specifying multiple instances of the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` response header. The structure of each instance of the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` header must be as follows:
```

> Using `adAuctionHeaders` will cause the Fetch or navigation request to include an additional request header, `Sec-Ad-Auction-Fetch: ?1`. This also signals to the browser that it should look for one or more additional bids encoded as HTTP response headers from this Fetch or navigation. Each instance of the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` response header will correspond to a single additional bid. The response may include more than one additional bid by specifying multiple instances of the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` response header. The structure of each instance of the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` header must be as follows:

Reviewer 3: There is something i am not understand and would appreciate covered here (or perhaps one could point me to where it is covered):

If there are four slots on the page and the page solicits auction config from a seller once for all four slots and there are four additional bids, one for each slot, how does the browser sort out which is for which slot? Is there some sort of slot id on the additional bid response?

The browser ensures, using TLS, the authenticity and integrity of information provided to the auction through calls made directly to an ad tech's servers. This guarantee is not provided for data passed in `runAdAuction()`. To account for this, additional bids use the same HTTP response header interception mechanism that's already in use for the [Bidding & Auction response blob](FLEDGE_browser_bidding_and_auction_API.md#step-3-get-response-blobs-to-browser) and `directFromSellerSignals`.

>  `Ad-Auction-Signals` response header 

Reviewer 2: What is this line?  Is this a sub-section header? if so, can we add a ###### prefix
Actually this doesn't look like a header as I don't see further reference to Ad-Auction-Signals below.

Author: Good catch. This was a copy/paste error. Removed. Thanks!

The browser ensures, using TLS, the authenticity and integrity of information provided to the auction through calls made directly to an ad tech's servers. This guarantee is not provided for data passed in `runAdAuction()`. To account for this, additional bids use the same HTTP response header interception mechanism that's already in use for the [Bidding & Auction response blob](FLEDGE_browser_bidding_and_auction_API.md#step-3-get-response-blobs-to-browser) and `directFromSellerSignals`.

 `Ad-Auction-Signals` response header 

> Servers return additional bids to the browser using the `Ad-Auction-Additional-Bid` response header of some `fetch()` request or `iframe` navigation, together with the `additionalBids` parameter on `navigator.runAdAuction()`. This uses the same syntax as that used to convey `directFromSellerSignals` [using response headers](#252-using-response-headers).

Reviewer 4: >the `additionalBids` parameter on `navigator.runAdAuction()`.

Use of parameter caused me to pause and search - making me think there was a method parameter. 
Suggest perhaps _field_ as described elsewhere.

Author: That makes sense. I've replaced it here and in two other places where it made sense to do so. Thanks.
